Great progress (#4)
wattiii/wattiii.github.io: README.md

> Explain here what the project is all about. 

Reviewer: Can you add the title of this project using a
# Header

Author: With HTML markings?

Reviewer: With a markdown `#`

> Explain here what the project is all about. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Explain here what the project is all about. 
```

This project should allow for a place where python code can be comoditized. 

> It also allows me to learn fundamental coding principles, and build a portfolio for others to see. 

Reviewer: This looks like a bulled list to me. Can you add bullets please?

* fundamental coding principles
* build a portfolio

Author: I did this.

# README File
+ This file explains what the project is all about. 
+ This project should allow for a place where python code can be comoditized. 

> + It also allows me to learn fundamental coding principles, and build a portfolio for others to see. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ It also allows me to learn:
   - fundamental coding principles
   -  portfolio building
```
